Core docs (#107)
openclimatedata/openscm: docs/usage.rst

timeseries and has a unique name in a hierarchy of arbitrary depth.
That means every parameter either is a root parameter without a parent
parameter ("level 0") or belongs to a parent parameter.

For example, the parameter for industrial carbon emissions belongs to
the parameter for carbon emissions, which in turn belongs to the root
parameter emission. Thus, it is identified by

    ``Emissions`` -> ``CO2`` -> ``Industrial``.

In the low-level API parameters are expected to be identified by
tuples of strings describing their position in the hierarchy, i.e. in
this example ``("Emissions", "CO2", "Industrial")``. The high-level
API also allows for giving it as a string with the hierarchical levels
separated by ``|``, e.g. ``"Emissions|CO2|Industrial"``.

See :ref:`parameter-hierarchy` for the standard parameters in OpenSCM.

Time frames
-----------

Timeseries parameters are always given with a corresponding time
frame, which consists of a time point and a period length. The time
point gives the start of the timeseries; the period length gives the
length of the period between consecutive values in the timeseries.
Each parameter value is assumed to be the **average value** for its

> corresponding period. This implies that additive values such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding period. This implies that flux variables such as
```

Author: Hmm, sounds non-standard to me. We should find a compromise on how to call these... (this PR is only about reformatting and including additional modules in the docs, though)

Reviewer: maybe flux is too closely related to electromagnetism, how about

```suggestion
corresponding period. This implies that values which define the flow/transport of a quantity (such as emissions, flow of a gas, and radiative forcing, flow of energy) must be given as a rate
```

Setting input parameters
************************

In the low-level API parameters are get and set through of subclasses
of :class:`ParameterView`. While the values of the parameters are
stored internaly, a :class:`ParameterView` provides an (always
up-to-date) "view" of the corresponding parameter giving the parameter
values in a specific unit and, in the case of timeseries, a specific
time frame.

> Unit and time frame have to be specified questing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit and time frame have to be specified when requesting a
```

> :class:`~openscm.core.ParameterView` from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~openscm.core.ParameterView` from the
```

:class:`~openscm.core.Core`'s :class:`~openscm.core.ParameterSet`
property called ``parameters`` using one of the following functions:

- :func:`~openscm.core.ParameterSet.get_scalar_view` returns a
  read-only view to a scalar parameter
  (:class:`~openscm.core.ScalarView`)
- :func:`~openscm.core.ParameterSet.get_timeseries_view` returns a
  read-only view to a timeseries parameter
  (:class:`~openscm.core.TimeseriesView`)
- :func:`~openscm.core.ParameterSet.get_writable_scalar_view` returns
  a writable view to a scalar parameter
  (:class:`~openscm.core.WritableScalarView`)
- :func:`~openscm.core.ParameterSet.get_writable_timeseries_view`
  returns a writable view to a timeseries parameter
  (:class:`~openscm.core.WritableTimeseriesView`)

Each of these functions take the hierarchical name of the parameter
(as described under :ref:`parameters`) and, in a similar fashion, the
hierarchical name of the region it applies to or an empty tuple,

> ``()``, in case the parameter applies to all regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Values can be get and set using ``get`` and ``set`` (also,
``get_series`` and ``set_series`` for whole timeseries), respectively.
Conversion, if necessary, is done internally by the object. There is
no standard for the unit and time frame for internal storage, but
those of the first :class:`ParameterView` requested are used. If a
scalar view for a time series is requested (or vice-versa), or if the
units are not convertible, an error is raised.

:class:`~openscm.core.ParameterView` objects also convert between
hierarchical levels if possible: a view to a higher level parameter
yields the sum of its child parameters. This implies that, once a
*writable* view to a parameter is requested, there cannot be a view to

> one of its children. Otherwise consostency cannot be guaranteed, so an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one of its children. Otherwise consistency cannot be guaranteed, so an
```
